This is the organizer of the night market group.
The night is clear. He came to the camp anyway.
I heard that Ge Chen Xiyue was a mortal enemy that day.
How did this death come about? Night Market just didn't have time to say hello.
Ye Ziqing, what are you doing here?
Of course it is for Ling Tianshen. Since your Chen family is really treating Ling Wu,
Then only I will come to Ling Tianshen. Mr. Chen.
Since the Chen family doesn’t bring movies,
Otherwise, you should divorce Chen Xiyue. Come,
We are not leaving this time. please.
OK. But what did the night market group see?
Redfish is right
What belongs to others belongs to me
put this kind of thing
Just call it and be recycled.